=====================
#centos-devel Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by quaid at 16:20:21 UTC. The full logs are available at
centos-devel/2014/centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* around Java jars, all that matters is redistributability -- if you
  want to maintain N jars for your users, that's up to you  (quaid,
  16:20:53)
* IDEA: branding forum to discuss and resolve, cf. fedora-legal list
  (quaid, 16:21:45)
* ACTION: quaid to talk with fontana about branding forum  (quaid,
  16:22:09)
* breaking out CLoud Infra and Instance as different SIGs  (quaid,
  16:26:18)
* yes, oVirt is distributed via RPMs  (quaid, 16:27:12)
* LINK: http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance
  (kbsingh, 16:27:27)
* ROD users either packstack or foreman as separate installers (puppet
  underneath)  (quaid, 16:27:40)
* AGREED: worth working on a pushbutton ISO tool as part of the CentOS
  Project  (quaid, 16:47:24)
* IDEA: have upstream merit be the basis for who gets commit access,
  rather than CentOS having to track it  (quaid, 16:49:04)
* IDEA: within CentOS Project tools, have it be possible for someone in
  the SIG to get tired of greenlighting patches from a known good
  person, so proposes that person to the SIG for commit access directly
  -- this would happen outside of the upstream's own contributor growth
  pathway  (quaid, 16:50:51)
* the livecd and image from git stuff already works, so we dont need to
  block on other stuff. its a simple low hanging fruit thing that we can
  use to setup a relationship with  (quaid, 16:52:13)
* IDEA: Seed a few committers to git.centos.org from each upstream, add
  new commiters as per $formula_to_be_determined but which could be a
  combination of merit-within-CentOS and merit-within-$upstream  (quaid,
  16:54:05)
* IDEA: handle organically, don't sweat  (quaid, 16:54:41)
* AGREED: CentOS is using the meritocracy spotlight, somehow :)  (quaid,
  16:54:55)

Meeting ended at 17:17:32 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* quaid to talk with fontana about branding forum




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* quaid
  * quaid to talk with fontana about branding forum
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* quaid (43)
* goozbach (14)
* kbsingh (9)
* jzb (6)
* Evolution (6)
* centbot (5)
* hughesjr (5)
* mburned (5)
* DrBacchus (5)
* Bahhumbug (4)
* mikem23 (3)
* pixelb (2)
* samkottler (0)
* ke4qqq (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
