<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#centos-devel Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#centos-devel Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by quaid at 16:20:21 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">around Java jars, all that matters is
    redistributability -- if you want to maintain N jars for your users,
    that's up to you</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-4'>quaid</a>,
    16:20:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">branding forum to
    discuss and resolve, cf. fedora-legal list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-5'>quaid</a>,
    16:21:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">quaid to talk
    with fontana about branding forum</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-6'>quaid</a>,
    16:22:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">breaking out CLoud Infra and Instance as
    different SIGs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-19'>quaid</a>,
    16:26:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">yes, oVirt is distributed via RPMs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-23'>quaid</a>,
    16:27:12)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-26'>kbsingh</a>,
    16:27:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">ROD users either packstack or foreman as
    separate installers (puppet underneath)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-28'>quaid</a>,
    16:27:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">worth working
    on a pushbutton ISO tool as part of the CentOS Project</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-67'>quaid</a>,
    16:47:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">have upstream
    merit be the basis for who gets commit access, rather than CentOS
    having to track it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-69'>quaid</a>,
    16:49:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">within CentOS
    Project tools, have it be possible for someone in the SIG to get
    tired of greenlighting patches from a known good person, so proposes
    that person to the SIG for commit access directly -- this would
    happen outside of the upstream's own contributor growth
    pathway</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-71'>quaid</a>,
    16:50:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the livecd and image from git stuff already
    works, so we dont need to block on other stuff. its a simple low
    hanging fruit thing that we can use to setup a relationship
    with</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-81'>quaid</a>,
    16:52:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Seed a few
    committers to git.centos.org from each upstream, add new commiters
    as per $formula_to_be_determined but which could be a combination of
    merit-within-CentOS and merit-within-$upstream</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-86'>quaid</a>,
    16:54:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">handle
    organically, don't sweat</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-88'>quaid</a>,
    16:54:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">CentOS is
    using the meritocracy spotlight, somehow :)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html#l-89'>quaid</a>,
    16:54:55)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:17:32 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-01-23-16.20.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>quaid to talk with fontana about branding forum</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> quaid <ol>
    <li>quaid to talk with fontana about branding forum</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>quaid (43)</li>
  <li>goozbach (14)</li>
  <li>kbsingh (9)</li>
  <li>jzb (6)</li>
  <li>Evolution (6)</li>
  <li>centbot (5)</li>
  <li>hughesjr (5)</li>
  <li>mburned (5)</li>
  <li>DrBacchus (5)</li>
  <li>Bahhumbug (4)</li>
  <li>mikem23 (3)</li>
  <li>pixelb (2)</li>
  <li>samkottler (0)</li>
  <li>ke4qqq (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
