<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#centos-devel: CentOS Board meeting - SIG proposals & other business</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#centos-devel: CentOS Board meeting - SIG proposals & other business</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by quaid at 21:55:53 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have a quorum of Board members, safe to
    proceed :)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-16'>quaid</a>,
    21:58:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Desktop SIG proposal</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-19'>quaid</a>, 21:59:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">current boundaries for the SIG are to include
    alternate desktop environments (DEs) with the future expansion in to
    styling</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-66'>quaid</a>,
    22:18:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">a SIG boundary is to not include non-open
    source nor software with potential or real legal issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-68'>quaid</a>,
    22:19:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SIG may carry packages that are later than what
    is in EPEL if it feels the need</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-71'>quaid</a>,
    22:20:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">target for CentOS 7* to start, back to CentOS
    6* as time and interest permits</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-81'>quaid</a>,
    22:25:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">smooge to
    work up a formal proposal</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-167'>quaid</a>,
    22:50:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">SIG needs to
    consider what release formats to use (ISO, netinstall,
    all-in-one-spins, etc.)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-168'>quaid</a>,
    22:51:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">project wide work
    on Anaconda to fold in all groups/variants will help the Desktop SIG
    needs for respins, etc.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-177'>quaid</a>,
    22:53:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">discuss about
    respins using packages not built on centos infra and so not signed
    by us</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html#l-190'>Arrfab</a>,
    22:56:56)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 23:08:36 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-04-02-21.55.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>smooge to work up a formal proposal</li>
  <li>SIG needs to consider what release formats to use (ISO, netinstall, all-in-one-spins, etc.)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> smooge <ol>
    <li>smooge to work up a formal proposal</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>dan408 (46)</li>
  <li>quaid (42)</li>
  <li>smooge (40)</li>
  <li>Evolution (34)</li>
  <li>kbsingh (19)</li>
  <li>hughesjr (12)</li>
  <li>Arrfab (11)</li>
  <li>centbot (3)</li>
  <li>tru_tru (3)</li>
  <li>cctrieloff (2)</li>
  <li>wolfy (1)</li>
  <li>range (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
