=====================
#centos-devel Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by bstinson at 13:01:06 UTC. The full logs are available
at centos-devel/2014/centos-devel.2014-09-15-13.01.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* Is this a good time to meet?  (bstinson, 13:02:45)
  * AGREED: Weekly meetings on Monday at 13:00 UTC  (bstinson, 13:05:18)

* SIG/Developer authentication  (bstinson, 13:06:54)
  * Next meeting: Monday 22-Sept 2014 13:00 UTC  (bstinson, 13:57:21)
  * We will be doing 6 weekly meetings, then moving to a bi-weekly
    schedule  (bstinson, 13:58:12)
  * ACTION: MerlinTHP_ Research lookaside cache authentication and
    upload permissions  (bstinson, 13:59:21)
  * ACTION: alphacc investigate koji policy for cbs.  (alphacc,
    14:03:00)
  * send agenda items for next week to the centos-devel@centos.org
    (bstinson, 14:03:53)

Meeting ended at 14:05:31 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* MerlinTHP_ Research lookaside cache authentication and upload
  permissions
* alphacc investigate koji policy for cbs.




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* alphacc
  * alphacc investigate koji policy for cbs.
* MerlinTHP_
  * MerlinTHP_ Research lookaside cache authentication and upload
    permissions
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* MerlinTHP_ (96)
* kbsingh (67)
* bstinson (34)
* alphacc (29)
* gwd (7)
* Evolution (7)
* Arrfab (5)
* centbot (4)
* lalatenduM (3)
* wolfy (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
