========================
#centos-devel: cbs/infra
========================


Meeting started by bstinson at 13:02:39 UTC. The full logs are available
at centos-devel/2014/centos-devel.2014-09-22-13.02.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* LINK: https://trello.com/b/CKGGvcKU/cbs-centos-org is the url to the
  board  (kbsingh, 13:02:50)
* Greetings / Who's Here?  (bstinson, 13:03:03)

* Agenda  (bstinson, 13:04:21)
  * FAS/IPA Testing - Short Status Update  (bstinson, 13:04:24)
  * Centpkg Progress - Short Status Update  (bstinson, 13:04:28)
  * Blocker List  (bstinson, 13:04:32)
  * Brainstorming SIG Branch and Build Target Names  (bstinson,
    13:04:35)
  * Open Floor  (bstinson, 13:04:41)

* FAS/IPA Testing  (bstinson, 13:05:28)
  * Infra team provisioned three VMs last week to use for FAS & IPA
    testing  (quaid, 13:06:27)
  * can use the mailing list discussion to get requirements  (quaid,
    13:10:06)
  * ACTION: quaid can write-up the requirements in to a wiki page to
    reference  (quaid, 13:10:39)
  * IDEA: should we have a second koji for ease of SSL testing, etc.?
    (quaid, 13:13:31)
  * dev.git.centos.org can be used for testing git connection  (quaid,
    13:18:38)

* Centpkg Progress  (bstinson, 13:20:00)
  * centpkg is reading in user certs and is able to kick off koji builds
    (quaid, 13:21:16)
  * IDEA: put git branch to koji target in a config file instead of
    being hard-coded  (quaid, 13:21:53)
  * ACTION: bstinson will clean up his commits and send centpkg patches
    to the mailing list  (bstinson, 13:25:15)
  * LINK: http://copr.fedoraproject.org/coprs/bstinson/Centpkg/
    (bstinson, 13:27:13)
  * IDEA: have centpkg eventually live in e.g. CentOS Extras  (quaid,
    13:27:33)
  * not currently relying upon EPEL directly, anything needed gets
    pulled in to local build, e.g. rpkg  (quaid, 13:29:59)

* Blocker List  (bstinson, 13:31:44)
  * integrate upstream patch in koji to support git.c.o  (alphacc,
    13:32:23)
  * ACTION: Build CentOS koji rpms and install them (server-side).
    (alphacc, 13:35:52)
  * AGREED: Project will carry own koji RPMs to carry our own patches
    etc.  (quaid, 13:39:28)
  * can't use sshkeys for auth for git, needs to go over https for code
    pathway  (quaid, 13:47:27)
  * LINK: https://git.centos.org/summary/centpkg.git   (kbsingh,
    13:54:07)
  * need to settle on temp auth method for git.centos.org over https
    (quaid, 14:03:27)
  * Next Meeting: Monday 29-Sept, 13:00 UTC  (bstinson, 14:06:19)

Meeting ended at 14:06:55 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* quaid can write-up the requirements in to a wiki page to reference
* bstinson will clean up his commits and send centpkg patches to the
  mailing list
* Build CentOS koji rpms and install them (server-side).




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* bstinson
  * bstinson will clean up his commits and send centpkg patches to the
    mailing list
* quaid
  * quaid can write-up the requirements in to a wiki page to reference
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Build CentOS koji rpms and install them (server-side).




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* kbsingh (55)
* MerlinTHP (48)
* bstinson (46)
* quaid (33)
* alphacc (19)
* Evolution (9)
* centbot (5)
* gwd (3)
* mattymo (3)
* Arrfab (3)
* mikem (3)
* wolfy (1)
* jitseklomp (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
