======================================================================================================================
#centos-devel: Board meeting live http://centos.org/media - agenda for today:  Storage and Cloud-related SIG proposals
======================================================================================================================


Meeting started by quaid at 20:58:13 UTC. The full logs are available at
centos-devel/2014/centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* LINK: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muUOhg12FKs   (kbsingh, 21:04:26)
* Storage SIG proposal  (quaid, 21:07:26)
  * LINK: http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/Storage/Proposal
    (quaid, 21:07:28)
  * AGREED: we have a quorum  (quaid, 21:09:25)
  * SIG members currently include Ceph and Gluster  (quaid, 21:12:20)
  * SIG members include Patrick Mcgarry (Ceph) and Lalatendu Mohanty
    (GlusterFS) and KBSingh (Board mentor/liaison)  (quaid, 21:13:28)
  * Need to work on repository structure  (quaid, 21:18:16)
  * qemu dependencies mean work with the Cloud * SIG who adopts qemu to
    figure out if it can be worked together, hierarchical setup, with
    maintain-your-own the last possible answer :)  (quaid, 21:18:56)
  * a storage SIG repository could be cleaner and keep things out of
    CentOS Extras and CentOS Plus  (quaid, 21:22:45)
  * ACTION: need to consider best way to handle questions from IRC,
    Twitter, etc. for live Board hangouts.  (quaid, 21:27:27)
  * AGREED: start new SIG work on main -devel and users lists, then
    branch as needed  (quaid, 21:36:01)
  * IDEA: having an all-SIGs-overview mailing list for cross-SIG
    coordination (esp. if things move from -devel)  (quaid, 21:36:24)
  * ACTION: make sure new SIG work gets exposure of ~first 3 months on
    main centos-devel list  (quaid, 21:37:18)
  * IDEA: have a SIG coordinators (or all maintainers) should have a
    chat every few weeks, such as a public Hangout or IRC  (quaid,
    21:37:45)
  * AGREED: quorum voted yes to Storage SIG propsals  (quaid, 21:39:48)
  * ACTION: KB to follow up with Jim and Tru  (quaid, 21:40:00)
  * ACTION: KB to send call-to-action to -devel list  (quaid, 21:40:11)
  * IDEA: include CentOS package/build expert, Ceph will bring their
    maintainer  (quaid, 21:40:41)
  * LINK:
    http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal
    (kbsingh, 21:42:06)
  * LINK:
    http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal
    (mikem23, 21:42:08)

* Cloud Instance SIG  (quaid, 21:42:22)
  * LINK:
    http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal
    (quaid, 21:42:27)
  * the intention of this SIG is to have folks who know what they are
    doing and represent mindshare, come together and help us build
    images that work across cloud providers, meet best practices,
    development environments, tuned up for environments.  (quaid,
    21:43:24)
  * primary charter is to bring in existing experts to help us build
    images  (quaid, 21:43:36)
  * SIG will deliver a basic image that others can bundle with their
    RPMs to do their own image  (quaid, 21:49:53)
  * cloud-init, minimizing for certain instances, perf tuning for
    certain hypervisors  (quaid, 21:50:13)
  * most of the work will be kickstart files v. RPMs  (quaid, 21:50:37)
  * IDEA: SIG is focused on tuning and curating the image, but there is
    room in the scope to provide multiple images tuned for various
    environments  (quaid, 21:51:47)
  * Primary interface will be with the Core SIG  (quaid, 21:53:40)
  * SIG is requesting cloud.centos.org as a source (with an API?) for
    distributing images, cf. mirror.centos.org for packages  (quaid,
    21:54:30)
  * QA for images are basic/essential, may look to spread out toward
    different hypervisors  (quaid, 22:00:10)
  * IDEA: having 2 physical machines ready for a few hours every day for
    QA  (quaid, 22:00:24)
  * IDEA: it would be nice to have a process to promote image when they
    get enough testing/traction to official installation media.
    (alphacc, 22:04:42)
  * AGREED: Vote agrees to the Cloud Instance SIG proposal; follow-up to
    happen with Jim and Tru to confirm their votes  (quaid, 22:07:45)
  * ACTION: KB to follow-up with Jim and Tru about this vote  (quaid,
    22:08:03)
  * ACTION: SIG needs to define primary point of contact/coordinator
    (quaid, 22:08:18)

Meeting ended at 22:09:20 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* need to consider best way to handle questions from IRC, Twitter, etc.
  for live Board hangouts.
* make sure new SIG work gets exposure of ~first 3 months on main
  centos-devel list
* KB to follow up with Jim and Tru
* KB to send call-to-action to -devel list
* KB to follow-up with Jim and Tru about this vote
* SIG needs to define primary point of contact/coordinator




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * need to consider best way to handle questions from IRC, Twitter,
    etc. for live Board hangouts.
  * make sure new SIG work gets exposure of ~first 3 months on main
    centos-devel list
  * KB to follow up with Jim and Tru
  * KB to send call-to-action to -devel list
  * KB to follow-up with Jim and Tru about this vote
  * SIG needs to define primary point of contact/coordinator




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* quaid (51)
* kbsingh (9)
* Evolution (7)
* scuttlemonkey (7)
* alphacc (6)
* centbot (3)
* TrevorH (3)
* range (1)
* mikem23 (1)
* hughesjr (0)
* Arrfab (0)
* tru_tru (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
