<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#centos-devel: CentOS Board public meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#centos-devel: CentOS Board public meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by quaid at 21:04:16 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Core S</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-4'>quaid</a>, 21:07:11)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Core SIG</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-5'>quaid</a>, 21:07:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">although RHEL 7 upstream isn't doing a 32-bit
    build, we have reason to do it as part of building the main
    distro.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-7'>quaid</a>,
    21:08:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">32-bit is part of
    Core SIG</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-8'>quaid</a>,
    21:08:44)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">or 32-bit is it's
    own SIG</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-9'>quaid</a>,
    21:08:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">for 64-bit we don't need to build 32-bit ISOs,
    make sure installs work, and make sure kernels work</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-10'>quaid</a>,
    21:09:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">we could do most
    of the work in the Core SIG and have the 32-bit SIG focus on the
    final ISO building and testing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-11'>quaid</a>,
    21:09:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Core SIG can
    produce 32-bit RPMs, and 32-bit SIG can focus on building and
    testing ISOs; as that SIG gains merit they can gain more access to
    do the work; all of the work could be tested as part of the
    QA.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-12'>quaid</a>,
    21:16:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Virt SIG proposal</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-13'>quaid</a>, 21:17:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Virt SIG would be for all
    virtualization-related updated software needs, bootstrapping with
    Xen</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-14'>quaid</a>,
    21:25:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">SIGs should look
    to the common e.g. qemu in Virt SIG (even to maybe carry a patch for
    them) before carrying their own variation of a package in their own
    SIG</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-15'>quaid</a>,
    21:30:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">make it so
    everyone can consume from central</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-16'>quaid</a>,
    21:31:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Virt SIG could be
    a good place for carrying the latest upstream KVM for those who want
    it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-17'>quaid</a>,
    21:31:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Virt SIG will also need to carry a new
    libvirt</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-21'>quaid</a>,
    21:32:17)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/Core">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/Core</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-25'>quaid</a>,
    21:32:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Core SIG
    needs to update it's charter &amp; run that by the Board</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-29'>quaid</a>,
    21:36:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">'CentOS' in the Core SIG description means
    "CentOS Linux, controls everything not done by other SIGs, is the
    core OS"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-36'>quaid</a>,
    21:40:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">have an Infra SIG
    that takes the infrastructure management work off the hands of the
    Core SIG, who can then maintian just the build system (or systems
    for the community builders)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-41'>quaid</a>,
    21:41:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">tentatively
    agreed to approve Virt SIG proposal as new charter, upcoming content
    on the Wiki; need to get input from Tru</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-62'>quaid</a>,
    21:50:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Any other business?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-64'>quaid</a>, 21:50:43)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">In general, we'll be able to bring up
    functional SIGs e.g. Documentation, QA, Promo, Artwork, etc.; have a
    dependency on an auth system to share resources granularly v.
    all-or-nothing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-71'>quaid</a>,
    21:56:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Jim Perrin has been working with FreeIPA and
    Fedora Auth System (FAS) to see how they compare; FreeIPA looks
    really nice &amp; would be a good reference story; FAS has all the
    features we need but is really customized.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html#l-75'>quaid</a>,
    22:00:49)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:03:45 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Core SIG needs to update it's charter &amp; run that by the Board</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>quaid (41)</li>
  <li>Evolution (15)</li>
  <li>toracat (12)</li>
  <li>hughesjr (9)</li>
  <li>range (4)</li>
  <li>csieh (4)</li>
  <li>centbot (3)</li>
  <li>kbsingh (2)</li>
  <li>ccmolik (1)</li>
  <li>Arrfab (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
