<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#centos-devel: Board meeting live http://centos.org/media - agenda for today:  Storage and Cloud-related SIG proposals</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#centos-devel: Board meeting live http://centos.org/media - agenda for today:  Storage and Cloud-related SIG proposals</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by quaid at 20:58:13 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muUOhg12FKs">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muUOhg12FKs</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-19'>kbsingh</a>,
    21:04:26)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Storage SIG proposal</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-25'>quaid</a>, 21:07:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/Storage/Proposal">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/Storage/Proposal</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-26'>quaid</a>,
    21:07:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we have a
    quorum</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-29'>quaid</a>,
    21:09:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SIG members currently include Ceph and
    Gluster</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-32'>quaid</a>,
    21:12:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SIG members include Patrick Mcgarry (Ceph) and
    Lalatendu Mohanty (GlusterFS) and KBSingh (Board
    mentor/liaison)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-33'>quaid</a>,
    21:13:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Need to work on repository structure</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-42'>quaid</a>,
    21:18:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">qemu dependencies mean work with the Cloud *
    SIG who adopts qemu to figure out if it can be worked together,
    hierarchical setup, with maintain-your-own the last possible answer
    :)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-43'>quaid</a>,
    21:18:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">a storage SIG repository could be cleaner and
    keep things out of CentOS Extras and CentOS Plus</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-45'>quaid</a>,
    21:22:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">need to
    consider best way to handle questions from IRC, Twitter, etc. for
    live Board hangouts.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-54'>quaid</a>,
    21:27:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">start new SIG
    work on main -devel and users lists, then branch as needed</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-56'>quaid</a>,
    21:36:01)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">having an
    all-SIGs-overview mailing list for cross-SIG coordination (esp. if
    things move from -devel)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-57'>quaid</a>,
    21:36:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">make sure new
    SIG work gets exposure of ~first 3 months on main centos-devel
    list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-58'>quaid</a>,
    21:37:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">have a SIG
    coordinators (or all maintainers) should have a chat every few
    weeks, such as a public Hangout or IRC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-59'>quaid</a>,
    21:37:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">quorum voted
    yes to Storage SIG propsals</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-60'>quaid</a>,
    21:39:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">KB to follow
    up with Jim and Tru</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-61'>quaid</a>,
    21:40:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">KB to send
    call-to-action to -devel list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-62'>quaid</a>,
    21:40:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">include CentOS
    package/build expert, Ceph will bring their maintainer</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-64'>quaid</a>,
    21:40:41)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-65'>kbsingh</a>,
    21:42:06)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-66'>mikem23</a>,
    21:42:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Cloud Instance SIG</b> <span class="details">(<a href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-67'>quaid</a>, 21:42:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/CloudInstance/Proposal</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-68'>quaid</a>,
    21:42:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the intention of this SIG is to have folks who
    know what they are doing and represent mindshare, come together and
    help us build images that work across cloud providers, meet best
    practices, development environments, tuned up for
    environments.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-69'>quaid</a>,
    21:43:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">primary charter is to bring in existing experts
    to help us build images</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-70'>quaid</a>,
    21:43:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SIG will deliver a basic image that others can
    bundle with their RPMs to do their own image</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-71'>quaid</a>,
    21:49:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">cloud-init, minimizing for certain instances,
    perf tuning for certain hypervisors</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-72'>quaid</a>,
    21:50:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">most of the work will be kickstart files v.
    RPMs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-73'>quaid</a>,
    21:50:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">SIG is focused on
    tuning and curating the image, but there is room in the scope to
    provide multiple images tuned for various environments</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-74'>quaid</a>,
    21:51:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Primary interface will be with the Core
    SIG</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-76'>quaid</a>,
    21:53:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">SIG is requesting cloud.centos.org as a source
    (with an API?) for distributing images, cf. mirror.centos.org for
    packages</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-77'>quaid</a>,
    21:54:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">QA for images are basic/essential, may look to
    spread out toward different hypervisors</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-78'>quaid</a>,
    22:00:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">having 2 physical
    machines ready for a few hours every day for QA</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-79'>quaid</a>,
    22:00:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">it would be nice
    to have a process to promote image when they get enough
    testing/traction to official installation media.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-82'>alphacc</a>,
    22:04:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Vote agrees
    to the Cloud Instance SIG proposal; follow-up to happen with Jim and
    Tru to confirm their votes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-84'>quaid</a>,
    22:07:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">KB to
    follow-up with Jim and Tru about this vote</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-85'>quaid</a>,
    22:08:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">SIG needs to
    define primary point of contact/coordinator</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html#l-86'>quaid</a>,
    22:08:18)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:09:20 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-03-19-20.58.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>need to consider best way to handle questions from IRC, Twitter, etc. for live Board hangouts.</li>
  <li>make sure new SIG work gets exposure of ~first 3 months on main centos-devel list</li>
  <li>KB to follow up with Jim and Tru</li>
  <li>KB to send call-to-action to -devel list</li>
  <li>KB to follow-up with Jim and Tru about this vote</li>
  <li>SIG needs to define primary point of contact/coordinator</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>quaid (51)</li>
  <li>kbsingh (9)</li>
  <li>Evolution (7)</li>
  <li>scuttlemonkey (7)</li>
  <li>alphacc (6)</li>
  <li>centbot (3)</li>
  <li>TrevorH (3)</li>
  <li>range (1)</li>
  <li>mikem23 (1)</li>
  <li>hughesjr (0)</li>
  <li>Arrfab (0)</li>
  <li>tru_tru (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
