==========================================
#centos-devel: CentOS Board public meeting
==========================================


Meeting started by quaid at 21:04:16 UTC. The full logs are available at
centos-devel/2014/centos-devel.2014-03-05-21.04.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* Core S  (quaid, 21:07:11)

* Core SIG  (quaid, 21:07:19)
  * although RHEL 7 upstream isn't doing a 32-bit build, we have reason
    to do it as part of building the main distro.  (quaid, 21:08:39)
  * IDEA: 32-bit is part of Core SIG  (quaid, 21:08:44)
  * IDEA: or 32-bit is it's own SIG  (quaid, 21:08:49)
  * for 64-bit we don't need to build 32-bit ISOs, make sure installs
    work, and make sure kernels work  (quaid, 21:09:37)
  * IDEA: we could do most of the work in the Core SIG and have the
    32-bit SIG focus on the final ISO building and testing  (quaid,
    21:09:54)
  * AGREED: Core SIG can produce 32-bit RPMs, and 32-bit SIG can focus
    on building and testing ISOs; as that SIG gains merit they can gain
    more access to do the work; all of the work could be tested as part
    of the QA.  (quaid, 21:16:42)

* Virt SIG proposal  (quaid, 21:17:09)
  * Virt SIG would be for all virtualization-related updated software
    needs, bootstrapping with Xen  (quaid, 21:25:36)
  * IDEA: SIGs should look to the common e.g. qemu in Virt SIG (even to
    maybe carry a patch for them) before carrying their own variation of
    a package in their own SIG  (quaid, 21:30:39)
  * IDEA: make it so everyone can consume from central  (quaid,
    21:31:02)
  * IDEA: Virt SIG could be a good place for carrying the latest
    upstream KVM for those who want it  (quaid, 21:31:25)
  * Virt SIG will also need to carry a new libvirt  (quaid, 21:32:17)
  * LINK: http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/Core   (quaid,
    21:32:57)
  * ACTION: Core SIG needs to update it's charter & run that by the
    Board  (quaid, 21:36:12)
  * 'CentOS' in the Core SIG description means "CentOS Linux, controls
    everything not done by other SIGs, is the core OS"  (quaid,
    21:40:25)
  * IDEA: have an Infra SIG that takes the infrastructure management
    work off the hands of the Core SIG, who can then maintian just the
    build system (or systems for the community builders)  (quaid,
    21:41:38)
  * AGREED: tentatively agreed to approve Virt SIG proposal as new
    charter, upcoming content on the Wiki; need to get input from Tru
    (quaid, 21:50:37)

* Any other business?  (quaid, 21:50:43)
  * In general, we'll be able to bring up functional SIGs e.g.
    Documentation, QA, Promo, Artwork, etc.; have a dependency on an
    auth system to share resources granularly v. all-or-nothing  (quaid,
    21:56:23)
  * Jim Perrin has been working with FreeIPA and Fedora Auth System
    (FAS) to see how they compare; FreeIPA looks really nice & would be
    a good reference story; FAS has all the features we need but is
    really customized.  (quaid, 22:00:49)

Meeting ended at 22:03:45 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Core SIG needs to update it's charter & run that by the Board




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Core SIG needs to update it's charter & run that by the Board




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* quaid (41)
* Evolution (15)
* toracat (12)
* hughesjr (9)
* range (4)
* csieh (4)
* centbot (3)
* kbsingh (2)
* ccmolik (1)
* Arrfab (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
