=====================
#centos-devel Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by filippoc at 16:52:43 UTC. The full logs are available
at centos-devel/2014/centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* LINK: http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/SLS   (daveloper,
  17:03:27)
* ACTION: modify sls wiki page -> Status: proposal  (filippoc, 17:07:40)
* ACTION: expand Deliverables section  (filippoc, 17:12:56)
* LINK: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1018312   (filippoc,
  17:17:26)
* ACTION: ask for comments on centos-devel  (filippoc, 17:34:39)
* ACTION: talk to Jim for advice on a board member to sponsor the SLS
  SIG  (filippoc, 17:39:33)

Meeting ended at 17:50:28 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* modify sls wiki page -> Status: proposal
* expand Deliverables section
* ask for comments on centos-devel
* talk to Jim for advice on a board member to sponsor the SLS SIG




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * modify sls wiki page -> Status: proposal
  * expand Deliverables section
  * ask for comments on centos-devel
  * talk to Jim for advice on a board member to sponsor the SLS SIG




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* filippoc (47)
* kbsingh (43)
* daveloper (29)
* omarel (8)
* reetp (7)
* pcbaldwin (7)
* Arrfab (4)
* centbot (3)
* davidep (3)
* gsanchietti (3)
* JPP_kimsufi (3)
* rsc (2)
* Bahhumbug (2)
* alefattorini (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
