<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#centos-devel Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#centos-devel Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by filippoc at 16:52:43 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/SLS">http://wiki.centos.org/SpecialInterestGroup/SLS</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html#l-39'>daveloper</a>,
    17:03:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">modify sls
    wiki page -&gt; Status: proposal</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html#l-55'>filippoc</a>,
    17:07:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">expand
    Deliverables section</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html#l-67'>filippoc</a>,
    17:12:56)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1018312">https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1018312</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html#l-83'>filippoc</a>,
    17:17:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ask for
    comments on centos-devel</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html#l-136'>filippoc</a>,
    17:34:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">talk to Jim
    for advice on a board member to sponsor the SLS SIG</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html#l-146'>filippoc</a>,
    17:39:33)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:50:28 UTC
(<a href="centos-devel.2014-05-09-16.52.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>modify sls wiki page -&gt; Status: proposal</li>
  <li>expand Deliverables section</li>
  <li>ask for comments on centos-devel</li>
  <li>talk to Jim for advice on a board member to sponsor the SLS SIG</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>filippoc (47)</li>
  <li>kbsingh (43)</li>
  <li>daveloper (29)</li>
  <li>omarel (8)</li>
  <li>reetp (7)</li>
  <li>pcbaldwin (7)</li>
  <li>Arrfab (4)</li>
  <li>centbot (3)</li>
  <li>davidep (3)</li>
  <li>gsanchietti (3)</li>
  <li>JPP_kimsufi (3)</li>
  <li>rsc (2)</li>
  <li>Bahhumbug (2)</li>
  <li>alefattorini (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
